[All Hosts] (common apis) correct misuse of term 'JSON' (#3472)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/asynchronous-programming-in-office-add-ins.md

 _AsyncMethod_ `(` _RequiredParameters_ `, [` _OptionalParameters_ `],` _CallbackFunction_ `);`

> All asynchronous methods support optional parameters, which are passed in as a JavaScript objects that contain one or more optional parameters. The object containing the optional parameters is an unordered collection of key-value pairs with the ":" character separating the key and the value. Each pair in the object is comma-separated, and the entire set of pairs is enclosed in braces. The key is the parameter name, and value is the value to pass for that parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All asynchronous methods support optional parameters, which are passed in as a JavaScript object that contains one or more optional parameters. The object containing the optional parameters is an unordered collection of key-value pairs with the ":" character separating the key and the value. Each pair in the object is comma-separated, and the entire set of pairs is enclosed in braces. The key is the parameter name, and value is the value to pass for that parameter.
```
